As the child of an advertising couple, Amy started her career at the tender age of 10 and has been addicted to the 
business ever since. 

At Sacks & Rosen, Amy worked on L’Air du Temps fragrances, Georgette Klinger, Phillips Van Heusen, Royal Doulton China and Baccarat.

She left the boutique agency world for the behemoth, Y&R. There she created campaigns for Johnson & Johnson, Hallmark Cards and Kentucky Fried Chicken. She quickly rose through the ranks to become a Creative Director on TWA, and Kraft Foods, in both their coffee and dessert businesses.

A former Y&R exec lured her to Lowe where she pitched and won Johnson & Johnson’s Motrin account. It was a breakthrough campaign in the world of pain relievers because it was the only campaign that never showed people in pain. Instead, it was a visually arresting tableau of formidable, fashionable women and used the line “for women who don’t fool around with pain”. Although way overspent by Advil and Tylenol, Motrin’s grew share in a flat market.  From this success, J&J requested Amy on other brands including Viactiv, Imodium as well as Ortho 
Tri-Cyclen and the Ortho Era patch. She created the first DTC advertising for their birth control and they rocketed to become the leading brands.

The J&J business grew so rapidly and organically that she and her business partner left Lowe and opened 
Alchemy, a wholly owned subsidiary of IPG. It was a 60 person agency with billings of 35 million. There she 
introduced the world to Splenda, which quickly eclipsed Equal and Sweet ‘n Low to become the #1 no-calorie sweetener. 

In 2007 when Alchemy merged with Deutsch, Amy left to acquire her digital creds. She was a Creative Director on many successful digital campaigns including the LetsQuitTogetherNow anti-smoking campaign for Pfizer, as well as long lasting campaigns for Abilify and Spiriva.

In 2011, Amy reconnected with her old partner Lynn Mercado from Y&R days. It was a match made in heaven. She joined Lynn at Roberts & Langer and in 2 short years they successfully expanded the agency roster by 
winning Kraft’s Philadelphia Cream Cheese where their responsibility extends to overseeing the work from all 
related agencies including digital and PR. They also continue to be the lead creative team on Neutrogena, 
maintaining a consistent look and feel for Europe, Asia Pacific and India.

Clients

AT&T  
Barnes & Noble   
Bristol Meyers Squibb  
Baccarat
Chase
Crane Papers
Dr. Pepper
Drug Free America
General Food International Coffee
Georgette Klinger
House & Garden Magazine
Jell-O  
Johnson & Johnson  
KFC  
Kodak
K-Y 
L’Air du Temps
Lipton
Mademoiselle Magazine
Merck  
Met Life   
Motrin
Neutrogena 
Paul Bocuse Cognac
Philadelphia Cream Cheese  
Post Cereal
Royal Dalton
Seven Up
Spiriva
Splenda
TWA
Universal Studios  
USPS
Viactiv

Van Heusen
